A. Java Windows App Step - 

1. Install Netbean 7.2 - To Open Java Window Application-
2. Open Project Into Netbean -  Click on File - Open Project - And Open project Where it is actually locate.
3. Run This Project - right Click on Project Run 
4. When Show Login Screen - 
UserName - admin
password - admin	
5. Then Enter Patient Record and Medicine Record.

B. Apache Java servlet-

1. install Apache Tomcat 7.0 - when install ask to set port number for HTTP Client 1.1 - then enter 8050
2. If Ask UserName - admin and Password - admin, set this value.
3. I have Send myapp folder paste into - C:\Program Files\Apache Software Foundation\Tomcat 7.0\webapps
4. when install successfully show icon on system tray. Right Check their service start or stop.

C. Then Install My Sql Server For DB Conncetivity- MySQL_Essential_5.1.41 

1. when install ask userName and Password then set to admin.
2. I have Script for to create database and tables.
3. In start type mysql then open mysql cmd prompt then enter password i. e admin.
4. After that copy all script from attached script and paste into this and press enter.

D. Android App -

1. Software - Android Eclipse with SDK
2. Open Attached Source file into Eclipse - 
    Click On File/Import/Android/Select - Existing Android Code Into WorkSpace-
    Next-Browse Source file where it actually located-Click on Select All- Finish.
3. Then Run Android Virtual Device Manager. 
    Show Green Logo Below The Project Menubar - Click on This To open Android Virtual Device Manager.
    Click New - Set AVD Name (Any Name) - Select device - Below Show Memory option Set RAM - 1024 - Ok -Click        On Start.
4. Right Click On Project- Run As Android Application.
5. But First We want to start apache service - show in system tray - right click start service if it is stop.
6. If Android Virtual device is successfully run then run our project.
7. OPen Welcome Activity- Click to continue -  login with patient info - Show Patient Medicine Details -
8. And Automatically set Alarm for Patient Medicine Details Time and when time is up then alarm will be fire.
9. if you want open using mobile then after running projetc - 
   Go To Project Source Location - bin folder - copy apk file - and install on your mobile.
10. Before that check In login.java file in locate in src/com.example.medicalandroidapp/loginActivity.java
11. Set your ip into this address i.e - http://192.168.1.100:8050/myapp/store?u="+username+"&p="+password+
      set your ip instead of 192.168.1.100.
12. Again Run project so create new apk with update code.
13. take this install on your mobile. but do one this is connect your mobile to laptop/PC using wifi hotspot to send request and get response.

E. Run command from attched script to create database and tables.



